Third Party Middleware: These are the middlewares which are not maintained by the expressjs team. So, if you 
                        require any 3rd party middleware then you can look for it on the expressjs website under the
                        resource option.

                        - Visit:  http://expressjs.com/
                        - Click on 'Resources' menu
                        - Click on middleware to look for all the middlewares.
                          Note: 
                            1. The list of express middleware is different than the 3rd party middlewares and both are present 
                              at the same location mentioned above.
                            2. Before you use any 3rd party middleware, you need to install it using 
                               'npm i middleware_package_name' command
                            3. Userful 3rd party middlewares are,
                               - helment: To secure your application
                               - morgan: To log HTTP requests sent by client
                            


what is urlencoded?
- urlencoded() method parses the incoming requests with urlencoded payload i.e. a request with body like
  key=value&key=value

  This is more of a traditional approach. Basically, if you've a html form with the input fields and if you 
  post that form to the server the body of the request will look like this key and value pair.

  So, this urlencoded() middleware parses the body and populate req.body with a json object.


How to test urlencoded?
- To test the urlencoded, you need to have a post request so that you can send a data in a key-value pair format.

So, follow the below steps,
1. Search for Postman Chrome and add it as an extension of a Chrome
2. Open the Postman from APPs section of chrome browser
3. Select the request type as 'POST'
4. Type in endpoint url as 'http://localhost:3000/api/courses'
5. Click on 'x-www-form-urlencoded' option which is a request body 
6. Add request data in a key-value pair format such as
        name(key) 
        new course(value)
9. Click on Send button


How to test static middleware function?
- Run your project -> Hit 'http://localhost:3000/sample.txt' url in your browser and your static resource will
be loaded.