Environment Setting:
While working on a real time project we've various environment like development, production, testing etc..

Also, there are some of the features in our application which we don't want to ship to the production and 
want to use only in the development environment for our purpose. 

So, we will enable them only if the environment is development. How to do this? - Check your code for 
morgan package of logging HTTP requests.

To set an environment externally use below command,
  'set NODE_ENV=production'

Note: We've a global variable process which gives us an access to our current environment as below,
        'process.env.NODE_ENV'

      OR,

      app.get('env') method also gives us current environment as equal to above process command.
      Note: If an environment is not set externally then 'app.get('env)' method will return 'development' as a current
            environment.





Third Party Middleware: These are the middlewares which are not maintained by the expressjs team. So, if you 
                        require any 3rd party middleware then you can look for it on the expressjs website under the
                        resource option.

                        - Visit:  http://expressjs.com/
                        - Click on 'Resources' menu
                        - Click on middleware to look for all the middlewares.
                          Note: 
                            1. The list of express middleware is different than the 3rd party middlewares and both are present 
                              at the same location mentioned above.
                            2. Before you use any 3rd party middleware, you need to install it using 
                               'npm i middleware_package_name' command
                            3. Userful 3rd party middlewares are,
                               - helment: To secure your application
                               - morgan: To log HTTP requests sent by client
                            


